Update datasets-download-stats.md (#1466)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-download-stats.md

> ## How are download stats generated for datasets?

Reviewer: would be clearer maybe to word it like: "How are downloads counted for datasets" (same for models)

> Counting the number of downloads for datasets is not a trivial task, as a single dataset repository might contain multiple files, from multiple subsets and splits (e.g. train/validation/test) and sometimes with many files in a single split. To solve this issue and avoid counting one person's download multiple times, we treat all files downloaded by a user within a 5-minute window as a single dataset download. This counting happens automatically on our servers when files are downloaded (through GET or HEAD requests), with no need to collect any user information or make additional calls.

Reviewer: > by a user (based on their IP address)

maybe add this to make it clearer for us? @lhoestq

> Counting the number of downloads for datasets is not a trivial task, as a single dataset repository might contain multiple files, from multiple subsets and splits (e.g. train/validation/test) and sometimes with many files in a single split. To avoid double counting downloads (e.g., counting a single download of a dataset as multiple downloads), the Hub counts as one download every series of files requests in an interval of 5 minutes per user. No information is sent from the user, and no additional calls are made for this. The count is done server-side as the Hub serves files for downloads. Every HTTP request to the files, including `GET` and `HEAD`, will be counted as a download.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Counting the number of downloads for datasets is not a trivial task, as a single dataset repository might contain multiple files, from multiple subsets and splits (e.g. train/validation/test) and sometimes with many files in a single split. To solve this issue and avoid counting one person's download multiple times, we treat all files downloaded by a user within a 5-minute window as a single dataset download. This counting happens automatically on our servers when files are downloaded (through GET or HEAD requests), with no need to collect any user information or make additional calls.
```

Reviewer 2: I tried to make this a bit more clear but feel free to use the previous version

Author: ah nice ! your suggestion is clearer, thanks

> ## Before Setpember 2024

Reviewer: *september

> The Hub used to provide download stats only for the datasets loadable via the `datasets` library. To determine the number of downloads, the Hub used to count every time `load_dataset` is called in Python, excluding Hugging Face's CI tooling on GitHub. No information was sent from the user, and no additional calls were made for this. The count was done server-side as we served files for downloads. This means that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Hub used to provide download stats only for the datasets loadable via the `datasets` library. To determine the number of downloads, the Hub previously counted every time `load_dataset` was called in Python, excluding Hugging Face's CI tooling on GitHub. No information was sent from the user, and no additional calls were made for this. The count was done server-side as we served files for downloads. This means that:
```
